README.md, before:

![badge-size]  [![Patreon][badge-patreon]][link-patreon] [![Discord][badge-discord]][link-discord] [![Blog][badge-blog]][link-blog]  
<img alt="Card" src="https://i.imgur.com/c5FPXjP.png" width="100%">

Written in GML, Ninty is a launcher based on the *Nintendo Switch* interface mainly designed for launching **emulators** and **fan games**, but it can also be used with a wide variety of applications.

## Features

+ Support for **custom themes** with animated wallpapers and songs.

<img alt="Themes" src="https://i.imgur.com/vsGZh3o.png" width="100%">

+ Ninty can launch applications alongside files via **forwarder embeds**, useful for emulators.

<img alt="Forwarding" src="https://i.imgur.com/CLHLbXa.png" width="100%">


+ **Rich Presence** for applications and games that don't have one by default.

<img alt="Demo" src="https://i.imgur.com/DtRNq4v.png" width="100%">


+ **Over 100 predefined icons** for emulators, fan games, modding tools and more.

<img alt="Icons" src="https://i.imgur.com/1nziOlf.png" width="100%">

+ An interactive **user guide**.

<img alt="User Guide" src="https://i.imgur.com/fZP1Vmi.png" width="100%">

## Content

### Releases

#### Ninty Launcher

- [**⬇ DOWNLOAD**](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/releases/tag/v1.9.3) -  Version: ``1.9.3``
	- [x] Executable ``Windows, 32/64 bit``
	- [x] 6 Sample themes / wallpapers
	- [x] Animated thumbnail example
	- [x] [Changelog](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/blob/master/CHANGELOG.txt)

### Links

-  [**★/ Ninty Launcher** (Discord)](https://discord.gg/DAGBtS7) - For sharing icons and themes.
- [**Icon List** (Google Docs)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1De2fetYIGIpMm-Ki0c9DQCAV4i93UTLO)
-   [**Source Code** (Main Branch)](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/tree/master)

## Compiling

In order to compile you will need:  
• *GameMaker Studio 1.4.9999* or newer.

>  The source code is currently commented only in Portuguese.

## Credits

**Design, Character & Program**  
* Mario Silva (Nin★)  

**Original Logo Design**  
* Biel98765  

**Translations**  
* GlitchyPSI ``Spanish``
* Biel98765 & Lake ``English``
* Majora03 ``French``
* Mario Silva (Nin★) ``Portuguese``
* MasterXYZ ``Italian``
* VECTORKNICKER ``Polish``
* MaxNox ``Russian``  

**Sample Themes**  
* Mario Silva (Nin★)  

**Extensions**  
* [Aouab](https://discord.gg/Kvt4av6) ``Discord RPC Wrapper``
* [Samuel Venable](https://github.com/time-killer-games/DialogModule/) ``Dialog Module``
* [YellowAfterlife](https://bitbucket.org/yal_cc/window_commands/) ``Windows Commands``  

## License

This project is licensed under the ***MIT License***, refer to ``LICENSE.md`` (alternatively this [link](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/blob/master/LICENSE.md)) for more information.

[badge-size]: https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher?color=black&label=Size&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=flat-square
[badge-patreon]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fshieldsio-patreon.herokuapp.com%2Fninstar&label=Patreon&logoColor=white&style=flat-square
[badge-discord]: https://img.shields.io/discord/574569573458771968?color=7289da&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=flat-square
[badge-blog]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?color=E87700&label=Blog&logo=blogger&logoColor=white&message=Ninty+Launcher&style=flat-square

[link-patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/ninstar
[link-discord]: https://invite.gg/ninstar
[link-blog]: https://ninstars.blogspot.com/p/ninty-launcher.html

Commit message:

Redirected network instructions, user manual.

README.md, after:

![badge-size]  [![Patreon][badge-patreon]][link-patreon] [![Discord][badge-discord]][link-discord] [![Blog][badge-blog]][link-blog]  
<img alt="Card" src="https://i.imgur.com/c5FPXjP.png" width="100%">

Written in GML, Ninty is a launcher based on the *Nintendo Switch* interface mainly designed for launching **emulators** and **fan games**, but it can also be used with a wide variety of applications.

## Features

+ Support for **custom themes** with animated wallpapers and songs.

<img alt="Themes" src="https://i.imgur.com/vsGZh3o.png" width="100%">

+ Ninty can launch applications alongside files via **forwarder embeds**, useful for emulators.

<img alt="Forwarding" src="https://i.imgur.com/CLHLbXa.png" width="100%">


+ **Rich Presence** for applications and games that don't have one by default.

<img alt="Demo" src="https://i.imgur.com/DtRNq4v.png" width="100%">


+ **Over 100 predefined icons** for emulators, fan games, modding tools and more.

<img alt="Icons" src="https://i.imgur.com/1nziOlf.png" width="100%">

+ An interactive **user guide**.

<img alt="User Guide" src="https://i.imgur.com/fZP1Vmi.png" width="100%">

## Content

### Releases

#### Ninty Launcher

- [**⬇ DOWNLOAD**](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/releases/tag/v1.9.3) -  Version: ``1.9.3``
	- [x] Executable ``Windows, 32/64 bit``
	- [x] 6 Sample themes / wallpapers
	- [x] Animated thumbnail example
	- [x] [Changelog](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/blob/master/CHANGELOG.txt)

### Links

-  [**★/ Ninty Launcher** (Discord)](https://discord.gg/DAGBtS7) - For sharing icons and themes.
- [**Ninty Launcher Manual** (Wiki)](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/wiki) - User guide, troubleshooting and instructions on how to compile the project.
- [**Predefined Thumbnails List** (Google Docs)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1De2fetYIGIpMm-Ki0c9DQCAV4i93UTLO)
-   [**Source Code** (Main Branch)](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/tree/master)

## Credits

**Design, Character & Program**  
* Mario Silva (Nin★)  

**Original Logo Design**  
* Biel98765  

**Translations**  
* GlitchyPSI ``Spanish``
* Biel98765 & Lake ``English``
* Majora03 ``French``
* Mario Silva (Nin★) ``Portuguese``
* MasterXYZ ``Italian``
* VECTORKNICKER ``Polish``
* MaxNox ``Russian``  

**Sample Themes**  
* Mario Silva (Nin★)  

**Extensions**  
* [Aouab](https://discord.gg/Kvt4av6) ``Discord RPC Wrapper``
* [Samuel Venable](https://github.com/time-killer-games/DialogModule/) ``Dialog Module``
* [YellowAfterlife](https://bitbucket.org/yal_cc/window_commands/) ``Windows Commands``  

## License

This project is licensed under the ***MIT License***, refer to ``LICENSE.md`` (alternatively this [link](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher/blob/master/LICENSE.md)) for more information.

[badge-size]: https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/MarioSilvaGH/Ninty-Launcher?color=black&label=Size&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=flat-square
[badge-patreon]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fshieldsio-patreon.herokuapp.com%2Fninstar&label=Patreon&logoColor=white&style=flat-square
[badge-discord]: https://img.shields.io/discord/574569573458771968?color=7289da&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=flat-square
[badge-blog]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?color=E87700&label=Blog&logo=blogger&logoColor=white&message=Ninty+Launcher&style=flat-square

[link-patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/ninstar
[link-discord]: https://invite.gg/ninstar
[link-blog]: https://ninstars.blogspot.com/p/ninty-launcher.html
